h1. Screen Manager Starter Kit

h2. Overview

This is a collection of configuration files to help you use screen to manage your project environments.

A few things that you can do with it:

* set environment variables (useful if you want to specify a version of Ruby to use for a project)
* automatically fire up a database server or something

See the source for examples

h2. Setup

h3. Install Screen

<pre>
cd ~
git clone git://github.com/timcharper/screenmanager.git .screen
ln -s ~/.screen/screenrc .screen
echo ". ~/.screen/sm.bash" >> ~/.bash_profile
</pre>

Then, this being a starter kit, you'll need to modify the files to suit your needs.  See "sample" for an example of what's possible.

h3. Give screen manager the ability to have the last say on the PATH variable

<pre>
# This line was installed for screen manager should go at the very end:
[ -n "$SM_PATH" ] && export PATH=$SM_PATH:$PATH
</pre>

h3. Configure your rubies

h4. If you're using RVM

The examples assume you've installed rubies with rvm.

If you look at ~/.screen/ruby19 as an example, it sets the environment variable $RUBY is simply the ruby version, verbatim as the folder is named in ~/.rvm/rubies.  Once set, it loads ~/.screen/rvm, which sets the environment variables necessary to activate that ruby.

h4. Manual installations of ruby

~/.screen/rvm will serve as an example for how to setup your environment.  You might try copying it to ~/.screen/your-ruby-name, and then modifying the paths to match your ruby paths respectively.

h2. Invoking

Depending on your setup, you commands will vary.  Once installed, type sm <env> to fire up or resume a screen session named one of ~/.screen/*.

h2. Conclusion

Be nice, love your neighbor like yourself.
